there's a huge problem in the make money
online space or anybody who watches a
business tutorial video and it starts
with that you're taught to learn a high
income skill and then sell that skill to
businesses for money now I know I'm
gonna ruffle some feathers here but
nobody wants to give you access to their
email list nobody wants to give you
access to their ads manager so you can
Outsource it to a four dollar an hour VA
who similarly has no idea what they're
doing they're scared they're scared that
you're gonna ruin their reputation to
their email list or they're scared that
you're gonna waste tens of thousands of
dollars on their ads manager okay now
pause do you notice those two exact
things I just said they're scared you're
going to ruin their reputation or
they're scared you're going to waste
tens of thousands of dollars on ads you
need to use and identify this precise
language of their exact fears
so we're going to do a practice right
now around offer positioning and how you
can use this to get more clients and the
best way to do this is to give you two
examples but first I want to give you a
list of questions so that you should
make a practice of answering here's the
questions you need to ask you need to
know what they tried and didn't work you
need to know if they bought a course
from a fake Guru did they spend twenty
thousand dollars on ads and it didn't
work did they try the thing you're
selling them but couldn't get it right
who is the exact person buying it what
are they scared of and what is going to
happen to them if they don't solve this
specific problem right now now here's
what a normal person is gonna do they're
gonna hear these questions and they're
gonna sit down they're gonna write them
out and they're gonna make the answers
up they're going to pull these answers
out of a hat and you can't do that what
I'm telling you to do is that you need
to get it directly from the people you
are selling to and I mean the exact
syntax and sentence structure that they
are using and what I'm gonna do in this
video is start with these two examples
and tell you how you can use this
practice to position your offer
correctly and really understand why
these people are buying we had a guy
join client Ascension last week and he
has a very interesting offer and it is
he trains security guards to be more
aware
now you're probably asking Daniel why
would a security guard buy a training on
how to be more aware
trick question they don't it's the owner
of a security company who employs the
security guards now let's go deeper
again why do security company owners buy
this from him I asked him this question
and he thought for a moment so we had to
go a little deeper what happens when a
security companies security guards are
not more aware
one they get in more violent
altercations
okay so let's go deeper again what
happens when a security company owners
security guards get in more violent
altercations now we really sat here and
thought about it for a minute and this
is what we came up with one their
insurance rates will go up or their
insurance companies will completely drop
them and they cannot be in business any
longer
two it will ruin the brand reputation of
their client and them because they will
be permanently associated with violence
three if the guards are not aware and
they get in too many violent
altercations they churn more so if they
aren't trained properly the employee
churn is higher and he needs to keep
hiring people continuously which is a
cost in and of itself so this guy's
offer went from we trained security
guards to be more aware into security
company owners we show you how to keep
your insurance rates low keep your brand
reputation high and make your employees
churn less here's how vsl count Lee
booking link below it bam full sales
page ready and Prime to get clients with
cold email easily all right let's go
through another one this is an example
from me directly at client Ascension now
I do two things here when people join
I'm on a call with them and I simply ask
them why did you join and now what
they're going to do is go on a tangent
and they're going to explain what
exactly has happened to them what did
they try what motivated them to get on
the call in the first place what
motivated them to actually join and now
I'm going to find all of these things
I'm going to find the exact sequence of
events that occurred for them to arrive
at this exact position right now a
client of mine and I'm going to again
get the exact syntax and exact
experiences of somebody who has already
converted if I take those lessons and
extrapolate them in marketing angles to
the general public and people who are at
the top of the funnel and not clients
yet there's a high probability that what
the people who have bought are going to
also have experienced the exact thing
that other people have
two I read the text messages our Setter
gets and I get feedback from our sales
team I go to every single sales team
meeting I know exactly what the
objections are I know exactly what
people are saying in the discovery phase
I know what they're saying they try I
know what they're saying they're scared
of and I use these angles and translate
it into marketing
client Ascension teaches B2B companies
marketing agencies consultants and
Freelancers how to get clients with cold
email and here is what they've tried
ads they didn't work they wasted thirty
thousand dollars on it two they bought
coaching products from other people that
didn't work three they already tried
cold email they couldn't get it to work
they couldn't get enough leads they
couldn't get enough replies they
couldn't get their emails delivered when
they did get replies they couldn't
convert them to calls we have the
solutions to all of these and I present
this in the marketing angles
here's what they're scared of relying on
outside agencies to keep their business
alive
having to go back to working a nine to
five job needing to raise VC money to
have a successful business this is the
exact wording from real prospects who
are coming into our funnel it's what
they've tried what they've failed what
they're scared of and here is how we
have used that data and translated it
into our value proposition
B2B companies marketing agencies
consultants and Freelancers we show you
how to turn 100 cold prospects into
paying customers without spending
thousands on ads and without relying on
outside agencies to keep your business
alive
now what do people care about speed and
certainty here's how we inject speed
into it they come in we write their code
email scripts for them we give them the
first 500 leads for free we give them
the sending app for the cold emails for
free we literally have them sending cold
emails by week 2 and generating sales
calls in week three
certainty we guarantee they get results
and we show them other people who are
actively getting results right now which
leaves us with two things the exact
positioning to get them to show interest
in the first place and the certainty and
speed that they need to receive to be
able to convert now you might be saying
but Daniel I understand how to do this
now how do I get clients or to give you
two things to do here one go into the
description and click client
ascension.com and two watch this video
right here about how to make money
online
so